Documentation: convert .inc to .rst (#1152)
ESMValGroup/ESMValTool: doc/sphinx/source/esmvaldiag/git_repository.rst

Once your development is completely finished, go to the GitHub website of the ESMValTool repository and switch to your *FEATURE BRANCH*. You can then initiate a pull request by clicking on the button "New pull request". Select the *DEVELOPMENT BRANCH* as "base branch" and click on "Create pull request". Your pull request will then be tested, discussed and implemented into the *DEVELPOMENT BRANCH* by the ESMValTool Core Development Team.

> .. attention:: Before creating a pull request, please make sure all requirements listed in ... are fully met (see also checklist in ...).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. attention:: When creating a pull request, please carefully review the requirements and recommendations in CONTRIBUTING.md and try to implement those (see also checklist in the pull request template). It is recommended that you create a draft pull request early in the development process, when it is still possible to implement feedback. Do not wait until shortly before the deadline of the project you are working on. If you are unsure how to implement any of the requirements, please do not hesitate to ask for help in the pull request.
```

* Use short but self-explanatory variable names (e.g., model_input and reference_input instead of xm and xr).
* Consider a modular/functional programming style. This often makes code easier to read and deletes intermediate variables immediately. If possible, separate diagnostic calculations from plotting routines.
* Consider reusing or extending existing code. General-purpose code can be found in esmvaltool/diag_scripts/shared/.
* Comment all switches and parameters including a list of all possible settings/options in the header section of your code (see also ...).
* Use templates for recipes (see ...) and diagnostics (see ...) to help with proper documentation.
* Keep your *FEATURE BRANCH* regularly synchronized with the *DEVELOPMENT BRANCH* (git merge).
* Keep developments / modifications of the ESMValTool framework / backend / basic structure separate from developments of diagnostics by creating different *FEATURE BRANCHES* for these two kinds of developments. Create *FEATURE BRANCHES* for changes / modifications of the ESMValTool framework only in the *PUBLIC* repository.

Don't-s
-------

> * Do not use other programming languages than the ones currently supported (NCL, Python, R). Contact the :doc:`ESMValTool Core Development Team <../preface/core_team>` if you wish to use another language, but remember that only open-source languages are supported by the ESMValTool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Do not use other programming languages than the ones currently supported (Python, R, NCL, Julia). If you are unsure what language to use, Python is probably the best choice, because it has very good libraries available and is supported by a large community. Contact the :doc:`ESMValTool Core Development Team <../preface/core_team>` if you wish to use another language, but remember that only open-source languages are supported by the ESMValTool.
```
